README.md, before:

# 🎯 VisionTrack: Real-Time Object Detection & Tracking

[![Streamlit App](https://static.streamlit.io/badges/streamlit_badge_black_white.svg)](https://share.streamlit.io/anchalsr/vision-tracker/main/app.py)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.11%20|%203.13-blue?logo=python)](https://python.org)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

A real-time object detection and multi-object tracking system built with **YOLOv8** and **Streamlit**.

---

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Real-Time Detection** — YOLOv8n with 40+ FPS on modern hardware
- 🔗 **Multi-Object Tracking** — Custom IOU tracker with trajectory visualization
- 📊 **Live Analytics** — Detection charts, FPS graphs, and summary stats
- 🎨 **Premium Dark UI** — Glassmorphic design with gradient accents
- 📹 **Video Upload** — Supports MP4, AVI, MOV, MKV (up to 200 MB)
- 🐍 **Python 3.11–3.13** — Zero compatibility issues

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Local

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AnchalSR/Vision-Tracker.git
cd Vision-Tracker
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run app.py
```

### Deploy on Streamlit Cloud

1. Go to [share.streamlit.io](https://share.streamlit.io)
2. Connect this repository → select `app.py`
3. Deploy — live in ~5 minutes 🎉

## 📦 Project Structure

```
Vision-Tracker/
├── app.py                  # Complete application
├── requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── packages.txt            # System dependencies (OpenCV)
├── .streamlit/config.toml  # Theme & server config
├── .gitignore
└── README.md
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Component | Technology |
|-----------|-----------|
| Detection | YOLOv8n (Ultralytics) |
| Tracking | Custom IOU Tracker |
| Interface | Streamlit |
| Vision | OpenCV |
| Framework | PyTorch |

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| FPS | 40+ on modern hardware |
| Accuracy | 92%+ (COCO) |
| Model Size | 6.2 MB (auto-downloads) |
| Classes | 80 COCO categories |

## 📜 License

MIT License

---

**Built with ❤️ using YOLOv8 · Streamlit · OpenCV**

Commit message:

Optimize for Hugging Face Spaces: proper session state, cloud detection logic, README metadata

README.md, after:

---
title: VisionTrack
emoji: 🎯
colorFrom: purple
colorTo: pink
sdk: streamlit
sdk_version: "1.30.0"
app_file: app.py
pinned: false
license: mit
---

# 🎯 VisionTrack: Real-Time Object Detection & Tracking

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10+-blue?logo=python)](https://python.org)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

A real-time object detection and multi-object tracking system built with **YOLOv8** and **Streamlit**.

---

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Real-Time Detection** — YOLOv8n with 40+ FPS on modern hardware
- 🔗 **Multi-Object Tracking** — Custom IOU tracker with trajectory visualization
- 📊 **Live Analytics** — Detection charts, FPS graphs, and summary stats
- 🎨 **Premium Dark UI** — Glassmorphic design with gradient accents
- 📹 **Video Upload** — Supports MP4, AVI, MOV, MKV (up to 200 MB)
- 🖼️ **Image Detection** — Single-frame object detection on images

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Local

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AnchalSR/Vision-Tracker.git
cd Vision-Tracker
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run app.py
```

### Deploy on Hugging Face Spaces

1. Create a new Space on [huggingface.co/spaces](https://huggingface.co/spaces) with **Streamlit** SDK
2. Upload all project files (or connect this GitHub repo)
3. Wait for build (~5 minutes) — your app is live! 🎉

## 📦 Project Structure

```
Vision-Tracker/
├── app.py                  # Complete application
├── requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── packages.txt            # System dependencies (OpenCV)
├── .streamlit/config.toml  # Theme & server config
├── .gitignore
└── README.md               # This file (with HF metadata)
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Component | Technology |
|-----------|-----------|
| Detection | YOLOv8n (Ultralytics) |
| Tracking | Custom IOU Tracker |
| Interface | Streamlit |
| Vision | OpenCV |
| Framework | PyTorch |

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| FPS | 40+ on modern hardware |
| Accuracy | 92%+ (COCO) |
| Model Size | 6.2 MB (auto-downloads) |
| Classes | 80 COCO categories |

## 📜 License

MIT License

---

**Built with ❤️ using YOLOv8 · Streamlit · OpenCV**
